# MVP for AMS
### Minimal Viable Product for Automobile Mangement System

This project consists of different tracks based on the two different datasets that were combined together in relation with the price of the automobiles. The datasets were taken from kaggle.   
It's a react application that uses following technologies or it's features:  
1) material ui to improve user experience
2) ChartJS for plotting different fields from the chosen dataset
3) danfoJS for fetching data, manipulating it according to our needs and performing operations such as mean, sum, series and count.
4) scikitjs for creating Decision Tree Regressor model and predicting price based on important automobile features.
5) tensorflow for setting backend of model
6) PlotlyJS for facet grid chart to display the prediction of price based on features.
7) random colour generator for charts based on an object of colours chosen.

The tracks are as follows:

#### 1) Analysis

This part consists of analysis of different automobile features by price, total sales per country or make, total number of diesel or gas cars sold by country or make, etc.

#### 2) Loan Default

This section consists of analysis based on client's income, credit amount, loan, country, gender, total loan generated by the system by country or make, etc.

#### 3) Stress Management

This section is under development. It has been studied that stress is the major cause for road accidents. It will help the system to analyze the stress level of it's clients and study it to improve performance as well as save lives.  
The dataset is present on kaggle: [Stress Recognition in Automobile Drivers](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/bjoernjostein/stress-recognition-in-automobile-drivers)

#### 4) Forecasting

This track consists of a facet grid chart with all the subcharts displaying prediction of price based on important automobile features.

#### 5) Play Aeound

This section is kind-of a playground for users or admins. It helps you to chosose the type of chart, the fields you want to analyze and operations that you want to perform on the chosen fiels.
